[NARRATOR] Last
Dragon Ball Z Kai--
Frieza proved that
he could easily deflect
even the most powerful
of Vegeta's attacks.
And as Frieza effortlessly
turned the tables on
the Saiyan prince,
it seemed the last hope
of defeating the
tyrant had been lost.
Until...!
[GOKU] I'm healed!
Feels like I can barely keep
my power under control...
[GOKU] Gohan...!
Krillin...! Piccolo...!
I'm sorry it took so long,
but I'm coming, right now!
[NARRATOR] Will Goku arrive
in time to save his friends?
Find out. Now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[VEGETA struggling]
[FRIEZA grunting]
Uuugh...
[cough]
Da-- Ah, uh...
[gasp]
[GOHAN] We can't
just leave him there.
♪
[GOKU] Okay...
They're not far off...
Try to hang on just
a little bit longer!
I'm on my way, guys!
[VEGETA painful outcries]
[GOHAN] Uuuh...
[cough]
[painful outcries]
[heavy breathing]
Hmmm.
[VEGETA struggling]
Hm.
[VEGETA] Aaahhh...!
[VEGETA painful outcries]
[FRIEZA] What a shame.
It seems all the fight
really has gone out of you.
It's sooner than
I'd have liked...
[FRIEZA] but I think it's
time to finish you off.
♪
[grunt]
Hm, hm...
Hmmm.
[FRIEZA power yell]
♪
[PICCOLO, KRILLIN,
and GOHAN gasp]
[GOKU] Ah, so I was right.
That huge power that just
showed up all of a sudden...
It really was you, huh, Piccolo?
[PICCOLO] Goku...
Since you're with
us and not King Kai,
I'm guessing they brought
you back with the Dragon Balls?
Ha! Dad! You made it!
[KRILLIN] So...
you're okay now?
I'm fine. I feel
better than ever...
And I owe it all to you guys.
[chuckles]
I'm proud of you
for fighting so hard.
But leave this to me now.
I'll take care of it.
You'll what?
Hmmm.
You can't be
serious, Goku!
You don't know what
he's capable of.
And you want us to let you
fight him all by yourself?
I do.
Uh...
Are you sure, Dad?
This might sound
crazy... but, well...
you are the real
Goku, aren't you...?
You're so strong!
[PICCOLO] Goku, wait!
[PICCOLO] Krillin's right. He's
become so much more powerful
than he was on Earth
that it's almost hard to
believe he's
the same person!
[GOKU] You must be Frieza...
Funny, you're a lot smaller
than I thought you'd be.
Hm. Seems this planet is
positively crawling with scum.
Vegeta still owes me a rematch.
So if you want him,
then wait your turn.
[FRIEZA] I could swear I've
seen him somewhere before...
[VEGETA struggling]
About time you came
back, Kakarot...
Kakarot, eh...?
Unless I'm mistaken,
that's a Saiyan name...
[FRIEZA gasp]
[FRIEZA] It's him!
[BARDOCK] Frieza...!
Show yourself!
Come out and
face me, you coward!
[FRIEZA'S MEN chatter]
[chuckles]
Right now...
everything changes.
[FRIEZA] It's him. It has to be!
[BARDOCK] It all
comes down to this...
My fate... Planet Vegeta's...
Kakarot's...
And, yes...
[chuckle] Yours too, Frieza.
♪
[BARDOCK] Ahhh!
We settle it here!
[FRIEZA] He's the spitting
image of that impertinent Saiyan
who rebelled against me when
I destroyed Planet Vegeta!
What the--?!
[laughing]
[BARDOCK] Aaaahhh...!
K... Kak-- Kakarot...
[BARDOCK] Kakarot!
[FRIEZA] I have no
intention of allowing
even a single Saiyan to live.
No point resisting.
You could save yourself the
trouble and kneel before me now.
I'm sure I could.
Huh?
[VEGETA] He's not the
same person he was before.
Once again, he's
completely shattered
his previous limitations...
[VEGETA] But wait...
Does that mean...?!
Are you ready, Saiyan?
Yeah.
Hm...?
What happened? Did
Goku do something?
I barely
saw him move!
Wow!
[PICCOLO] Not even
I saw that clearly...
He's moving even
faster than Frieza!
Hrmph.
Mmm...
Aaah...!
Watch out, Goku!
Get out of the way!
[KRILLIN] Goku...! Look out!
Insolent fool!
Hyuh!
[explosion]
[grunt]
♪
Auh!
[GOKU] Hya!
[chuckles]
[KRILLIN] Eh...
Uh...!
That's not... possible.
There's no way he could
have deflected them all!
He was only using one hand!
[chuckling in pain]
Just a little advice...
You aren't gonna want to
hold anything back, Frieza...
Not against this one.
[VEGETA] You see...
he is what you fear
more than anything
else in the universe.
Ughhh!
You're dealing with
a real Super Saiyan!
[gasp]
[VEGETA] Yes, you heard me...
The legendary warrior;
even mightier than you...!
He stands before you now!
[chuckles]
Just wait... You're
finally about to
get a taste of true fear...
one that you've long deserved!
[laughing]
[VEGETA] Ahhh!
[gasping]
Vegeta!
Oh, Vegeta...
You forget...
I don't enjoy jokes
and you've never
been very funny.
[gasping]
Why... you...!
[GOKU] Vegeta could
barely even move,
let alone defend himself!
What you did that's--
that's nothing short
of cold-blooded murder...
[FRIEZA] It serves him
right for prattling on
about that ridiculous
legend. Super Saiyan indeed.
I do not abide
such foolish talk.
No!
[GOKU] Vegeta...
[VEGETA struggling]
Ah! Don't tell me
you're still preaching
that mercy nonsense.
That means you're
still holding back...!
You're not really
a Super Saiyan...
Damn it...
[GOKU] Krillin, don't do it!
The only way
you can beat him
is if you harden your heart!
You fool! You have to
put aside your mercy.
Then you might-- might
actually stand a chance.
You could truly
become a Super Saiyan!
I don't care what you
say, I could never act
as cold-blooded as you do.
Not even if I thought
it'd make me stronger...
So whatever
this "Super Saiyan"
thing is you're talking about,
I think I'll get by just fine.
A... A Super...
A Super Saiyan... is what--
Stop talking.
Save your energy.
You running your mouth is just
going to make things worse.
[GOBLIN] Ah!
[ALL laughing]
[KING VEGETA] Fire!
[BOTH chuckling]
[FRIEZA chuckling]
[KING VEGETA] Uuuhhh!
[laughing]
Well, well!
Now that is beautiful!
See...? Look, Dodoria! Zarbon!
Look at the fireworks!
Aren't they splendid?!
[laughing]
Please, Kakarot!
You have to listen to me.
[coughing]
Is there no way to silence
this blithering buffoon?
It would seem he's intent
on talking me to death.
I need you to
know... what happened...
to Planet Vegeta...
where... we were born...
It's gone. Destroyed.
That's true... but not--
not cause it collided
with a giant meteor.
[chuckles]
[VEGETA] It was
Frieza. Frieza did it!
After we Saiyans
served him faithfully
a-and blindly followed
his every last order, he...
he betrayed us.
He disposed of our
race like common trash,
wiped us from
existence, so that now
we are all that remain...
[VEGETA] They're all gone.
Your parents.
My father, the king...
We Saiyans were growing
in strength and numbers,
and Frieza feared
that soon a Super Saiyan
would be born among us...
It terrified him!
Hm. That old story again?
[struggling and coughing]
I... didn't know.
[VEGETA crying]
I'm begging you, please!
Beat him... for me!
For the pride of our race.
[VEGETA] You must
defeat him... Please...
He must die by
a Saiyan's hand...
♪
[GOKU] Vegeta...
He's finally finished, is he...?
Now that he's done, shall
we resume this horror show?
[GOKU] For you
to actually cry...
For you to beg me for my help...
I can only imagine how hard that
must have been for you to do.
♪
Hmmmm.
[YAMCHA] Something
happen on Namek?
Well, Vegeta...
is dead.
What? There's no way!
But... if Vegeta's dead,
then that must mean--!
Yes, he... Frieza defeated
him... and easily.
After years of service,
after devoting his
entire life to Frieza's cause,
[KING KAI] Vegeta
was betrayed and killed.
It's a shame,
that's what it is.
And what a blow
to his Saiyan pride.
I didn't think there was anyone
who could defeat
Vegeta... "easily."
I'm afraid Goku and
the others have stirred
the anger of a monster
whose fury knows no bounds.
So what then? Are you
saying that it's hopeless,
that there's no way
they can ever win?!
Then... what about Goku?
He's preparing to fight.
He's determined to see this
through, no matter the cost.
Goku!
But that's insane...
[KING KAI] Oh, Goku...
♪
[GOKU grunt]
[GOKU] I get it now...
It wasn't losing your
race that made you so angry.
At least not entirely.
You were mad because he
forced you to be his puppet.
[GOKU] You couldn't
stand losing your pride.
[ALL shaky breathing]
I may have hated you
when you were alive...
But I always
respected your pride.
♪
[GOKU] And now... it's time
for me to share that pride.
Pride in myself.
I am a Saiyan that was
raised on planet Earth.
And in the name
of every single Saiyan
that you've made suffer...
For them... and all the
people of Planet Namek, too.
[GOKU] I will... defeat you!
And I would just
love to see you try.
[chuckles]
[NARRATOR] A spark of Saiyan
pride flares deep inside Goku.
Could his rage give
him the edge he needs?
Find out, on the
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey! It's me, Goku!
Alright, Frieza.
Now you're all mine!
[FRIEZA] You really are a pest.
Why don't you just go away?
You do realize
you can't beat me.
[GOKU] You may be right,
but there's only
one way to find out!
Let's do this!
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Get him, Dad!
Let Frieza have it!